# CrossLink
## A Nerual Network to Predict Disulfide Connectivity in Peptides Using Chemical Shifts
## Background
Disulfide rich peptides are highly desireable drug candidates; either directly as candidates themselves due to exquisite potency or selectivity or as drug scaffolds due to their rigid structures and high stability. The disulfide bonds in these peptides act like beams in a bridge, crosslinkng the backbone resulting in highly constrained and stable backbone. The disulfides are essential to both the structure and function of the peptides. Therefore it is essential to know the correct disulfide bond connectivity (the oxidisation of cysteine side chains to form the bond)

Finding the native connectivity is a factorial problem. A peptide with 3 disulfides has 15 theoretical frameworks, and 4 and 5 disulfides have 105 and 945 possible frameworks respectively. Currently there are no definitive computational or experimental methods to resolve the connectivity framework for native peptides.

We recently showed that disulfides like to adopt specific shapes (called configurations) based on their five dihedral angles, and that the configurationc could be predicted based on chemical shift inputs (https://github.com/davarm/DISH_prediction). Expanding on this concept, we developed a multi-stage workflow called CrossLink, that predicts the configuration of individual cysteine residues. These predictions in combination with chemical shifts are then used as inputs in a neural network for the prediction of the connectivity state for cysteine isomers. The program achieved a baseline accuracy of 85% and >95% for high probability predictions. 
